and and rolling birdie is about to get
his dermal punch in a fucking rock hell
yeah all right let's look at all the
nice clean equipment we have over here
we have these things and the biopsy
punches and a bunch of paper towel cuz
old Brody here is probably gonna bleed a
little bit around for me man kicking
feet over this also I can point out that
this is one of the most stylee piercing
stations in the universe look at those
blinds I had those things custom made
for this room mmm nice good stuff
there's Frank it's always hanging out
all right then deep breaths in and out
and primer see all the wonderful people
in YouTube land
oh no you didn't all right here we go
nice deep in and out in and out one more
time in and out keep breathing in and
out that's a tough shit we're through
yeah feeling good awesome and there's
the blood mm-hmm still all right all
right clear mark so you look at that hmm
awesome all right get up this way
already got the Jordan no one here you
gotta deal with the blood for ya no I'm
actually that bad too like to end all
right talk that's a lot of odd helping
they're just little here for right there
still with me mm-hmm
might need actually grab a scalpel to
has to cut around me so sticking a
little bit on one little corner he's got
a dangler look like a clear to though
you all right fucking awesome suede
we'll make a separate video for the next
one thank you and come again